Jaden: LAST TIME
ON "YU-GI-OH! GX"...
Zane: WE HAVE SOME
COMPANY ARRIVING.
LOOK OVER THERE.
Crowler:
IT'S JESSE!
HMM...
A NEW DAY DAWNS.
BEFORE LONG, THE FABRIC OF
ALL THINGS WILL BE UNDONE,
THEN REWOVEN,
SO THAT ALL DIMENSIONS
WILL BECOME ONE.
I'D RATHER HAVE A DUEL THAN
SIT THROUGH A LECTURE.
YOU READY TO GET
YOUR GAME ON?
JESSE, WHAT ARE
YOU DOING?
DO YOU EVEN KNOW
WHAT HAPPENS IF YOU
LOSE A DUEL HERE?
OF COURSE I KNOW.
IN FACT,
THAT'S WHY I'M DOING THIS.
WHAT DO YA MEAN?
WHEN I DESTROY
YOUR FRIEND...
I WANT YOU TO BE WATCHING.
THEN MAYBE...
YOU'LL FINALLY KNOW MY PAIN.
MY SORROW.
OH, NO...
IT'S YUBEL...
ATTACK HIM WITH
STRIDENT BLAST!
DARK DRAGON!
ATTACK WITH DARK RAINBOW
REFRACTION!
[SHOCKED GASP]
IT'S TOO STRONG!
IT'S OVER THEN.
ZANE!
I'LL BE WAITING FOR YOU
ON THE OTHER SIDE, JADEN.
DON'T BE TOO LONG NOW...
HEY, SYRUS...
I'M PROUD OF YOU!
AND I ALWAYS WILL BE...
[SHOCKED GASPS]
[CRYING WHIMPERS REACT]
YUBEL...
I'M COMING FOR YOU.
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH THE CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Syrus: I CAN'T BELIEVE
MY BROTHER'S GONE...
[CRYING]
Jaden: YOU GUYS WAIT HERE.
HUH?
Crowler: WAIT HERE?
WHERE ARE YOU OFF TO?
TELL US!
Jaden: TO GET YUBEL!
I'M GOING TO FINISH THIS.
I'M GOING TO AVENGE ZANE
AND AXEL AND JIM AND
ALL OUR FRIENDS.
AND I'M GONNA SAVE JESSE.
[EERIE NOISE]
JADEN, WAIT.
I'M COMING WITH YOU.
DON'T EVEN TRY
TO SAY NO.
LAST TIME YOU WENT
RUNNING OFF ALONE,
YOU CAME BACK
A BAD GUY,
AND I'D RATHER THAT
NOT HAPPEN AGAIN.
I'M GONNA BE
RIGHT BY YOUR SIDE,
SO NO MATTER WHAT HAPPENS
YOU KNOW THAT YOUR FRIENDS
ARE WITH YOU!
AND AS YOUR PROFESSOR,
I CAN'T LET THE TWO OF YOU
GO ON A DANGEROUS FIELD TRIP
WITHOUT SUPERVISION.
IF I WERE TO DO THAT,
CHANCELLOR SHEPARD WOULD
DEMOTE ME TO CAFETERIA DUTY.
GUYS, LOOK...
WE HAVE NO IDEA
WHAT'S ON THE OTHER
SIDE OF THAT DOOR.
Syrus: SO LET'S GO
AND FIND OUT TOGETHER.
YOU GOT IT.
UM, I COULD WAIT HERE,
I GUESS.
BUT THEN I'D MISS
ALL THE FUN.
AND SINCE SYRUS IS
GETTING JADEN'S BACK,
THEN I'M GETTING SYRUS'!
FORGIVE ME
FOR NOT JUMPING
ON THE BAND WAGON.
I'M GOING TO STAY
BEHIND WITH TANIA.
TOO MANY COOKS
IN THE KITCHEN
AND ALL THAT.
THAT AND THERE ARE
STILL OTHER BATTLES
THAT NEED TO BE
FOUGHT AND WON.
WE'LL STAY AND HELP
THE PEOPLE HERE.
JADEN, I HOPE WE SEE
EACH OTHER AGAIN.
YOU AND ME BOTH, TANIA.
SYRUS,
ZANE ISN'T "GONE."
HE'S WITH CHAZZ
AND EVERYONE ELSE.
OKAY, BUT,
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
LISTEN...
OUR FRIENDS ARE
STILL OUT THERE.
IN SOME
OTHER DIMENSION.
THE BOUNDARIES
OF SPACE AND TIME
HAVE BEEN BROKEN...
THE PHYSICAL WORLD
AS WE KNOW IT...
AND THE WORLDS
INHABITED BY SPIRITS
ARE OVERLAPPING.
THE RULES OF BOTH
WORLDS ARE COLLIDING.
THIS IS WHY WHEN
SOMEONE LOSES A DUEL,
THEY'RE ZAPPED
SOMEWHERE ELSE.
STOP YUBEL
AND OUR FRIENDS
CAN BE RETURNED;
OTHERWISE THEY'LL
BE GONE FOREVER.
THAT ISN'T TOO MUCH
PRESSURE OR ANYTHING...
IS IT, OLD CHAP?
LET'S DO THIS.
IF HE CAN'T DEFEAT
YUBEL...NO ONE CAN.
[PANTING]
I WASTED MORE POWER
THAN I SHOULD'VE...
DUELING WITH THAT ZANE
CHARACTER...
CAN'T REST, THOUGH...
'CAUSE JADEN MAY SHOW UP
AT ANY MINUTE...
Yubel: AH, THERE'S NO PLACE
LIKE HOME....
AND ONCE INSIDE, I CAN START
PREPARING FOR THE ARRIVAL
AND DESTRUCTION
OF MY DEAR OLD FRIEND JADEN!
IT'S HARD TO IMAGINE
THAT AFTER ALL THESE YEARS,
I'M FINALLY GOING TO BE ABLE TO
PAY JADEN BACK FOR ABANDONING ME
LIKE HE DID...
Adrian: WELCOME BACK!
I'M NOT IN YOUR CHAIR,
AM I?
ACTUALLY,
I'M AFRAID YOU ARE.
TOO BAD!
AH! ARGH!
ADRIAN.
IT APPEARS YOU'VE HAD
SOME WORK DONE TO YOUR ARM
SINCE WE LAST SAW
EACH OTHER...
IF YOU HAD DRAWN
ONE MORE CARD...
BY USING
BREAK THE SEAL...
YOU WOULD'VE
COMPLETED EXODIA!!
AND YOU WOULD HAVE WON
THE DUEL...
THAT'S CORRECT.
BUT THIS DUEL WASN'T
ABOUT WINNING OR LOSING.
IT WAS TO SEE
WHAT YOU WERE MADE OF.
NOW, I CAN STILL GIVE YOU
WHAT I PROMISED,
BUT YOU MUST WORK WITH ME,
AND NOT AGAINST ME...
YOU'VE EARNED THIS.
NOW SHARE IN MY POWER.
GIVE ME YOUR HAND...
HUH?
WHA...
ADRIAN, THIS IS A SYMBOL
OF OUR FRIENDSHIP.
FROM THE LOOKS OF THINGS,
I GUESS OUR FRIENDSHIP IS OVER.
YOU WERE USING ME
JUST LIKE YOU USE
EVERYONE ELSE, YUBEL,
BUT NOW I'VE MANAGED
TO ACQUIRE...
A GREAT POWER.
OH, I KNOW ALL ABOUT YOU
AND EXODIA.
EXODIA, MEET YOUR MASTER!
AND WITH THE LAST OF ECHO'S
DUEL ENERGY ABSORBED...
EXODIA IS MINE TO COMMAND,
AND MY BIND TO YUBEL IS BROKEN!
[LAUGHING]
SO TELL ME, ADRIAN,
NOW THAT YOU CONTROL
THE POWER OF EXODIA,
WHAT DO YOU HOPE TO DO?
WHAT ARE YOUR PLANS?
WILL YOU TURN
AGAINST ME?
WILL YOU CHALLENGE
YOUR MENTOR TO A DUEL?
ARE YOU GOING TO BEAT ME?
AND THEN CALL YOURSELF
"POWERFUL?"
THAT'S RIGHT.
I'LL DESTROY YOU.
N' WITH YOU GONE,
I WILL RULE
THIS DIMENSION!
JUST THIS ONE?
YOU'RE NOT VERY AMBITIOUS,
ARE YOU?
AAH!
YOU MUST HAVE
JUST DUELED.
I CAN SENSE
YOUR POWER IS WEAK.
IN THIS STATE,
YOU'RE NO MATCH
FOR EXODIA.
IF YOU'RE NOT SCARED,
YOU WILL BE.
SCARED OF YOU?!
ARGH!
DO NOT UNDERESTIMATE
MY POWER, ADRIAN!
AAH!
NOR MINE!
LET'S DUEL!
FINE.
IF YOU WANT TO BE CRUSHED,
I'LL CRUSH YOU.
IF YOU INSIST ON DUELING ME
FOR THIS PIDDLY DIMENSION,
I'LL HUMOR YOU.
BESIDES, I'M GOING TO BE
DUELING JADEN SOON.
BUT FIRST, I NEED
TO REGAIN MY ENERGY.
AND IN ORDER TO DO THAT,
I WILL FEED OFF YOUR DARKNESS.
GAME ON!
THE FIRST MOVE IS MINE!
I DRAW.
AND I'M PLAYING
THE SPELL CARD KNOWN
AS TRIANGLE FORCE.
WITH THIS CARD ACTIVATED,
I CAN DRAW TWO EXACT
COPIES FROM MY DECK
AND ACTIVATE THEM AS WELL.
BUT YOU SEE, ADRIAN,
THIS IS JUST A MEANS
TO AN END.
'CAUSE BY SENDING ALL THREE
CARDS TO THE GRAVEYARD,
I CAN SUMMON THE LORD OF
STRIKING THUNDER, HAMON!
AH!
BEHOLD THE STORM!
AND BRACE YOURSELF FOR THE
RECKONING OF MY SACRED BEAST.
WELL DONE.
BUT DON'T THINK
I'M SCARED.
BECAUSE...
WITH ONE MORE CARD,
EXODIA WILL BE COMPLETE.
[CHUCKLING]
NEXT UP, I ACTIVATE
MY HAND DESTRUCTION!
AND WITH THIS,
WE BOTH HAVE TO SEND
FOUR CARDS
FROM OUR HANDS
TO OUR GRAVEYARDS...
AND THEN REDRAW
FROM OUR DECKS.
[EVIL SNICKER]
NOW, THEN...
IF YOU WERE GOING FOR EXODIA,
THAT'S GOT TO HURT!
HUH.
HA HA.
ESPECIALLY AFTER
ALL YOU DID--
HAVING USED YOUR DEAREST AND
CLOSEST FRIEND ECHO,
WHO, BY THE WAY,
APPARENTLY HARBORED
VERY STRONG FEELINGS FOR YOU.
HUH.
BUT THAT
DOESN'T MATTER NOW.
BECAUSE YOU WANTED
THE POWER OF EXODIA
MORE THAN ANYTHING ELSE...
YOU TOOK ADVANTAGE OF ECHO'S
LOYALTY AND YOU LET YOUR
DARKNESS DESTROY HER.
AND NOW IT SEEMS HER SACRIFICE
IS ALL FOR NOTHING...
THE POWER THOSE CARDS
CAN RELEASE IS NOW BURIED
IN YOUR GRAVEYARD.
GO ON,
DISCARD THEM.
I'D SAY "MAYBE NEXT TIME,"
BUT THERE WON'T BE A NEXT TIME.
THAT'S WHAT YOU THINK.
I DRAW!
HUH.
AT THIS MOMENT,
I ACTIVATE THE RITUAL
OF THE ULTIMATE
FORBIDDEN LORD!
AND IT'S THANKS TO YOU
THAT I CAN PLAY
THIS SPELL CARD.
YOU MADE ME DISCARD
MY HAND...
PUTTING ALL FIVE
FORBIDDEN CARDS
IN MY GRAVEYARD,
SO NOW I GET TO
ACTIVATE THIS SPELL.
FIRST THINGS FIRST,
ALL THE FORBIDDEN CARDS
IN MY GRAVEYARD
RETURN TO MY HAND..
I PUT THREE OF THEM--
THE LEFT ARM, THE LEFT
LEG, AND THE RIGHT LEG--
BACK INTO MY DECK,
THEN RESHUFFLE.
AS FOR THE OTHER TWO,
I RESEND THEM
TO MY GRAVEYARD.
AND TO MY FIELD,
I WILL NOW SUMMON...
EXODIOS, THE ULTIMATE
FORBIDDEN LORD!
AH!
[CHUCKLING]
WITH MY EXODIOS
ON THE FIELD,
VICTORY WILL BE MINE!
HOW COME ITS ATTACK POINTS
AREN'T DETERMINED?
MY OTHER CARDS
WILL DETERMINE THAT.
FOR EXAMPLE,
FOR EVERY FORBIDDEN CARD
I HAVE IN MY GRAVEYARD,
IT GETS 1000 POINTS.
SO WITH TWO EXODIA PARTS
IN MY GRAVE,
MY EXODIOS GETS
2000 ATTACK POINTS.
HA HA!
THAT FLEA'LL BREAK
AGAINST THE POWER OF HAMON!
NOT WHEN I ACTIVATE
THE SPELL BURDEN
OF THE MIGHTY!
ITS EFFECT ROBS ALL
THE MONSTERS ON YOUR
FIELD OF ATTACK POINTS.
100 POINTS
FOR EACH LEVEL.
AND SINCE HAMON
IS LEVEL 10,
IT LOSES 1000 POINTS!
THE BIGGER THEY ARE,
THE HARDER THEY FALL!
AND ONE MORE THING,
WHEN EXODIOS ATTACKS
ANOTHER MONSTER,
AN EXODIA PART IS SENT
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
GIVING IT A THOUSAND
MORE ATTACK POINTS.
SO OUR MONSTERS ARE
NOW EQUAL OPPONENTS.
THAT MAY BE.
BUT HERE'S THE KICKER--
EXODIOS CAN'T BE
DESTROYED IN BATTLE.
AH!
EXODIOS, ATTACK HAMON!
I ACTIVATE
THE DELTA BARRIER TRAP CARD!
AND ITS EFFECT TRIGGERS
THE OTHER COPIES OF IT
IN MY GRAVEYARD.
AND WHEN I'VE GOT THREE DELTA
BARRIERS ON MY FIELD,
THEN DURING MY TURN,
ONE OF MY MONSTERS CAN DEFLECT
AN ATTACK, NO MATTER HOW
POWERFUL THE OPPONENT.
SO IN OTHER WORDS,
YOUR ATTACK
WON'T DESTROY HAMON.
AAH!
THAT ATTACK
WASN'T THE POINT.
THE POINT WAS
TO DISCARD.
DUE TO EXODIOS' ABILITY,
WHEN ALL FIVE
EXODIA PARTS
ARE IN MY GRAVEYARD,
EXODIA BECOMES COMPLETE.
AND THIS DUEL IS OVER.
OH, ADRIAN...
YOU JUST CAN'T LET GO
OF EXODIA, CAN YOU?
WHY WOULD I?
YOUR MOVE.
ALRIGHT, THEN.
I SEND THREE TRAP CARDS
FROM MY FIELD TO MY GRAVE,
WHICH LETS ME SUMMON
MY SECOND SACRED BEAST!
URIA, LORD OF
SEARING FLAMES!
AND LIKE YOUR EXODIOS,
URIA'S STRENGTH RELIES
ON OTHER CARDS AS WELL.
SO CHECK THIS OUT.
FOR EVERY TRAP CARD
IN MY GRAVEYARD,
MY SACRED BEAST GAINS
A THOUSAND ATTACK POINTS.
BUT BECAUSE OF MY BURDEN
OF THE MIGHTY SPELL CARD,
URIA LOSES
A THOUSAND OF'EM.
NORMALLY THAT WOULD HAPPEN.
BUT I'VE GOT
AN EQUIP SPELL READY!
I ACTIVATE ETERNAL REVERSE!
SO URIA WON'T BE LOSING
ANY ATTACK POINTS.
WITH THIS CARD,
EACH TURN I FORCE
A CARD FACEDOWN,
AND THEN MAKE THAT SPELL
OR TRAP CARD USELESS.
OH, AND JUST SO YOU KNOW,
IF YOU SOMEHOW OUT-POWER
URIA IN BATTLE...
IT'LL BE SAFE.
BY SENDING ETERNAL REVERSE
TO THE GRAVEYARD, I CAN
NEGATE URIA'S DESTRUCTION.
AS FOR YOUR BURDEN
OF THE MIGHTY CARD,
NOW THAT IT'S FACEDOWN,
THE SPELL'S NO LONGER
AFFECTING HAMON, EITHER.
SO BOTH MY MONSTERS
GET THEIR ATTACK POINTS BACK.
AND NOW,
TIME TO TAKE OUT THAT CARD.
I ACTIVATE URIA'S
SPECIAL ABILITY!
ONCE EVERY TURN,
THIS SEARING BEAST CAN
OBLITERATE ONE FACEDOWN SPELL
OR TRAP CARD ON YOUR FIELD.
GO, TRAP DESTRUCTION!
AAH!
AND NOW, 'CAUSE I DON'T
WANNA LEAVE ANYONE OUT,
HAMON, LORD OF
STRIKING THUNDER...
ATTACKS EXODIOS!
GO, CERULEAN SKYFIRE!
HAVE YOU FORGOTTEN?
EXODIOS CAN'T BE
DESTROYED!
MAYBE NOT, BUT YOU'LL
STILL TAKE SOME DAMAGE.
AAH!
[CHUCKLING]
WHAT NOW, ADRIAN?
I THINK YOU KNOW...
YUBEL.
BETTER BRACE YOURSELF,
EXODIOS IS COMING
FOR URIA,
WHICH MEANS I CAN SEND
ONE MORE EXODIA PART
TO MY GRAVEYARD.
WITH ONE MORE CARD ADRIAN'LL
HAVE EVERYTHING HE NEEDS
TO WIN THIS DUEL.
I CAN'T LET THAT HAPPEN.
GO, EXODIOS!
ATTACK!
HMM. HUH?
LIKE I SAID EARLIER,
BY SENDING ETERNAL REVERSE
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
I CAN PREVENT
URIA'S DESTRUCTION.
WELL, I STILL ACHIEVED
MY GOAL.
AND NOW ALL I NEED
IS JUST ONE MORE CARD.
EXODIOS'LL ATTACK
ON MY NEXT TURN...
AND THAT'S THAT.
EXODIA WILL BE COMPLETE.
HA HA!
AND THEN THE THRONE WILL
BE YOURS, IS THAT IT?
HOW WONDERFUL.
YOU'LL RULE THIS
WRETCHED DIMENSION.
THE VERMIN LIVING HERE
WILL CALL YOU THEIR KING.
[CHUCKLING]
YOU KNOW WHAT I FIND
RATHER SAD, THOUGH?
NO ONE WILL BY HAPPY
FOR YOU, ADRIAN.
I MEAN, AFTER ALL,
YOU DESTROYED
YOUR ONLY FRIEND ECHO!
HUH.
YOU MIGHT COMPLETE EXODIA
AND DESTROY ME.
BUT WILL IT MATTER?
THE ONLY PERSON WHO EVER
SUPPORTED YOU IS GONE.
YOU'LL BE ALL BY YOURSELF,
ADRIAN.
YOU'RE WRONG, YUBEL.
ECHO ISN'T GONE.
SHE'S STILL WITH ME.
YOU MEAN LIKE HER MEMORY?
WELL, ISN'T THAT PRECIOUS?
EXCEPT ADRIAN,
YOU SEE,
I LIVED ON IN JADEN'S MEMORY
SO TRUST ME WHEN I SAY...
SHE'D RATHER BE
BY YOUR SIDE.
HA HA!
BUT IF YOU WANNA
KID YOURSELF, GO AHEAD!
I ACTIVATE,
THE SPELL DUAL GATE!
BY TAKING THIS CARD...
AND REMOVING IT FROM PLAY ALONG
WITH MY OTHER DUAL GATE CARD
IN MY GRAVEYARD,
I CAN DRAW TWO NEW CARDS.
NEXT, I SUMMON TO THE FIELD
ILLUSION BRIGADIER!
WHEN ILLUSION BRIGADIER IS
SUCCESSFULLY SUMMONED...
I GET TO SUMMON A BRIGADIER
TOKEN FOR EVERY OTHER MONSTER
ON MY FIELD.
SO WITH TWO SACRED BEASTS
ALREADY THERE, I GET TWO!
AND HERE'S THE BEST PART--
FOR EACH BRIGADIER,
YOU GET HIT FOR 300
POINTS OF DAMAGE.
SO THAT MEANS NINE HUNDRED OF
YOUR LIFE POINTS GET WIPED OUT.
AAH!
BUT I'M NOT DONE.
I SACRIFICE THESE THREE
MONSTERS, WHICH ENABLES
ME TO SUMMON
RAVIEL, LORD OF PHANTASMS!
AAH!
ALL THREE SACRED BEASTS...
NEXT, I ACTIVATE
DIMENSION FUSION DESTRUCTION
AND FUSE MY THREE BEASTS!
YOU DO WHAT?!
WHAT'S COMING
IN THEIR PLACE?!
YOU'RE GONNA FIND OUT
RIGHT NOW...
FROM THE PIT OF MADNESS
I CALL ON--
CHAOS PHANTASM ARMITYLE!
[ROARING]
AH! THE ULTIMATE
SACRED BEAST...
THAT'S RIGHT, ADRIAN.
THE ULTIMATE SACRED BEAST.
YOU CAN'T DESTROY IT
IN BATTLE.
AND ONCE EVERY TURN,
IF IT'S IN ATTACK MODE,
IT DEALS TEN THOUSAND POINTS
OF BATTLE DAMAGE TO ONE
OF YOUR MONSTERS!
HUH?
IT'S AN IMPRESSIVE SHOW.
BUT IT'S ALL
FOR NOTHING.
SPECIAL ABILITIES
CAN'T TOUCH EXODIOS!
THEY CAN IF THEY'RE
COMING FROM YOUR SIDE.
HUH? WHAT?!
I HAVEN'T ATTACKED YET,
SO THIS IS STILL MY MAIN PHASE,
AND DURING IT,
ARMITYLE CAN MOVE TO
THE OPPONENT'S FIELD.
BUT THIS IS IMPOSSIBLE!
IT'S VERY POSSIBLE.
N' WHILE IT'S OVER THERE..
AND ITS ABILITY ACTIVATES..
IT CAN BREAK THROUGH
EXODIOS'S DEFENSE.
GO, PHANTOM OF FURY!
DUE TO THE EFFECT
OF THIS SPECIAL ABILITY -
AT THE END OF THE TURN,
ARMITYLE REMOVES ALL
OTHER MONSTERS FROM PLAY...
SO SAY ADIOS TO EXODIOS.
AH!
ECHO! NO!
SORRY ABOUT THAT.
BUT WITH THAT DONE,
ARMITYLE RETURNS TO MY FIELD.
NOW WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO?
YOU HAVE NO WAY
OF SUMMONING EXODIA.
[LAUGHING]
GRR...
HUH?
ECHO...
I'M SORRY.
FORGIVE ME.
[LAUGHING]
THIS FOG
LOOKS FAMILIAR.
DID WE PASS IT
EARLIER?
SEE,
THAT WAS A JOKE,
BECAUSE...
IT'S BEEN NOTHING
BUT FOG THIS
WHOLE TIME.
GET IT? ANYONE?
JUST TRYING TO
LIGHTEN THE MOOD.
BUT SERIOUSLY,
ARE WE LOST OR--
[COLLECTIVE GASP]
THIS IS IT.
I CAN FEEL IT.
JUBEL'S INSIDE.
AND SO IS JESSE!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH THE CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT TO LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW, LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪